[doc][yba] GKE Service Account for backup and restore (#20158)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/edit-helm-overrides.md

![img](/images/yb-platform/kubernetes-config66.png)

Complete the dialog by following instructions provided in [Configure Helm overrides](../../create-deployments/create-universe-multi-zone-kubernetes#configure-helm-overrides).

## Upgrade universes for GKE Service Account based IAM support

Existing universes can be software upgraded to versions which support [GKE Service Account based IAM](../../back-up-restore-universes/configure-backup-storage/#gke-service-account-based-iam-gcp-iam) using the following steps:

> 1. Upgrade YugabyteDB to a version which supports the feature ( 2.18.x or later). For more details, refer to [Upgrade the YugabyteDB software](../../manage-deployments/upgrade-software/).

Author: Okay if thats the case , is it 2.20.1.0-bxx?

> 1. Upgrade YugabyteDB to a version which supports the feature ( 2.18.x or later). For more details, refer to [Upgrade the YugabyteDB software](../../manage-deployments/upgrade-software/).

Reviewer: the specific build? is that because that is what you have to enter in the Release Version field in that Import Release dialog?

> 1. Upgrade YugabyteDB to a version which supports the feature ( 2.18.x or later). For more details, refer to [Upgrade the YugabyteDB software](../../manage-deployments/upgrade-software/).

Reviewer 2: I think that would be better compared to having `2.18.x`. 
The DB version which started supporting these overrides btw was `2.18.4`.

![img](/images/yb-platform/kubernetes-config66.png)

Complete the dialog by following instructions provided in [Configure Helm overrides](../../create-deployments/create-universe-multi-zone-kubernetes#configure-helm-overrides).

> ## Upgrade universes for GKE Service Account based IAM support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade universes for GKE service account-based IAM
```

> ## Upgrade universes for GKE Service Account based IAM support

Reviewer: be sure to update links after this edit

> Existing universes can be software upgraded to versions which support [GKE Service Account based IAM](../../back-up-restore-universes/configure-backup-storage/#gke-service-account-based-iam-gcp-iam) using the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade existing universes to versions that support [GKE service account-based IAM](../../back-up-restore-universes/configure-backup-storage/#gke-service-account-based-iam-gcp-iam) using the following steps:
```

> 1. Upgrade YugabyteDB to a version which supports the feature ( 2.18.x or later). For more details, refer to [Upgrade the YugabyteDB software](../../manage-deployments/upgrade-software/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade YugabyteDB to a version which supports the feature (2.18.x or later). For more details, refer to [Upgrade the YugabyteDB software](../../manage-deployments/upgrade-software/).
```

> 1. Apply overrides using the "Edit Kubernetes overrides" flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply overrides by following the preceding steps in Edit Kubernetes overrides.
```

>    **Prerequisite:** Provide the Kube namespace of the YugabyteDB Universe pods with the annotated Service Account. This may not be present already, as the service account would not have been used in YugabyteDB Universe pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Prerequisite:** Provide the Kube namespace of the YugabyteDB universe pods with the annotated Kubernetes service account. This may not be present already, as the service account would not have been used in YugabyteDB Universe pods.
```

>    Provide the following overrides after software upgrading the YugabyteDB software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Provide the following overrides after upgrading the YugabyteDB software:
```

   - serviceAccount: Pass the service account name created in [prerequisites](../../back-up-restore-universes/configure-backup-storage/#prerequisites). Note that this service account should be present in the namespace being used for the YugabyteDB pod resources.

>    - [nodeSelector](../../install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#nodeselector): Pass a node selector override to make sure that the YugabyteDB pods are scheduled on the GKE cluster's worker nodes which have a metadata server running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [nodeSelector](../../install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/kubernetes/#nodeselector): Pass a node selector override to make sure that the YugabyteDB pods are scheduled on the GKE cluster's worker nodes that have a metadata server running.
```
